README.md, before:

# 👋 &nbsp;Hi there

I’m Federico Pérez, frontend developer & web designer, self-taught programer and new technologies fan. What I do is transform templates and designs into pixel-perfect applications or awesome websites.

> This repo contain sample projects to practice differents skills


## Useful resources

- [CSS Lint](https://csslint.net/) - A usefull tool to found css errors and warnings, with a possible solution.

- [Web Accessibility Testing](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/axe-devtools-web-accessib/) - Accessibility Checker for Developers, to find and fix more accessibility issues during website development.

`Developer Tips`:

- You can install npm package [`stylelint`](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/get-started) to check your styles with a powerfull linter (recommended and used by Frontend Mentors on the page) and fix it.

- And also check the html with [axe Accessibility Linter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=deque-systems.vscode-axe-linter) Vs Code extension to improve the markup accessibility.

- Installed [Live Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.live-server) for Vs Code to develop in a local server

- Added [`normalize.css`](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/) for every html file to render all elements more consistently and in line with modern standards.

- Created js script to serve the main file that contains all the Frontend Mentor projects grid and replace the absolute path from GitHub Pages with the local development provided by Live Preview.

## Project structure

```
Frontend-Skills
│   README.md
│   package.json    
│   .stylelintrc.json
│   axe-linter.yml    
│   index.html    
│
└───styles
│   └───main.css
│
└───scripts
│   └───index.js
│   
└───[Frontend-Mentor-Project: Name]
    │   README.md
    │   index.html
    └───images
    └───styles
        └───index.css
```

## Before commit

Always remember to check the essentials:
- Accessibility: **Web Accessibility Testing**
- Styles: **CSS Lint**

## 💼 &nbsp;Skills

![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Web&nbsp;Components&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=SPA&nbsp;App&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Mobile&nbsp;First&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Responsive&message=✓&color=009688)


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-HTML-informational?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=ff9800)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Style-CSS-informational?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white&color=168dec)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-informational?style=flat&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white&color=f0d02c)


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;Code-informational?style=flat&logo=Visual-Studio-Code&logoColor=white&color=168dec)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-GitHub-informational?style=flat&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-NPM-informational?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white&color=cf3333)

Commit message:

Created html templates for component, updated assets folder and readme file.

README.md, after:

# 👋 &nbsp;Hi there

I’m Federico Pérez, frontend developer & web designer, self-taught programer and new technologies fan. What I do is transform templates and designs into pixel-perfect applications or awesome websites.

> This repo contain sample projects to practice differents skills


## Useful resources

- [CSS Lint](https://csslint.net/) - A usefull tool to found css errors and warnings, with a possible solution.

- [Web Accessibility Testing](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/axe-devtools-web-accessib/) - Accessibility Checker for Developers, to find and fix more accessibility issues during website development.

`Developer Tips`:

- You can install npm package [`stylelint`](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/get-started) to check your styles with a powerfull linter (recommended and used by Frontend Mentors on the page) and fix it.

- And also check the html with [axe Accessibility Linter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=deque-systems.vscode-axe-linter) Vs Code extension to improve the markup accessibility.

- Installed [Live Preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.live-server) for Vs Code to develop in a local server

- Added [`normalize.css`](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/) for every html file to render all elements more consistently and in line with modern standards.

- Created js script to serve the main file that contains all the Frontend Mentor projects grid and replace the absolute path from GitHub Pages with the local development provided by Live Preview.

- Created templates/base.html to copy the main structure with the global styles and favicon to develop other components.

## Project structure

```
Frontend-Skills
│   README.md
│   package.json    
│   .stylelintrc.json
│   axe-linter.yml    
│   index.html    
│
└───templates
│   └───base.html
│
└───styles
│   └───main.css
│
└───scripts
│   └───index.js
│   
└───[Frontend-Mentor-Project: Name]
    │   README.md
    │   index.html
    └───images
    └───styles
        └───index.css
```

## Before commit

Always remember to check the essentials:
- Accessibility: **Web Accessibility Testing**
- Styles: **CSS Lint**

## 💼 &nbsp;Skills

![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Web&nbsp;Components&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=SPA&nbsp;App&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Mobile&nbsp;First&message=✓&color=009688)
![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Responsive&message=✓&color=009688)


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-HTML-informational?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=ff9800)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Style-CSS-informational?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white&color=168dec)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-informational?style=flat&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white&color=f0d02c)


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;Code-informational?style=flat&logo=Visual-Studio-Code&logoColor=white&color=168dec)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-GitHub-informational?style=flat&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&color=ffffff)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-NPM-informational?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white&color=cf3333)
